more documentation (#6)
tmadlener/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv: doc/LCIO2EDM4hep.md

## Handling of `LCRelation`s
`LCRelation` only exist in LCIO and their conversion is limited to what is available in EDM4hep. They use the `"FromType"` and `"ToType"` collection parameters to get the necessary type information. 

The AssociationCollections in EDM4hep are then created using [`createAssociations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h). 

## Subtle differences between LCIO and EDM4hep
There are a few small differences between LCIO and EDM4hep that shine through in the conversion, these are:

`CaloHitContributions` are part of the SimCalorimeterHits in LCIO while being their own data type in EDM4hep. They are created by [`createCaloHitContributions`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

The event informaton like is part of the `LCEvent` in LCIO. In EDM4hep there is a separate  EventHeader Collection.
It can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

> Particle IDs are converted during the conversion of the the reconstructed Particle collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CaloHitContributions` are part of the SimCalorimeterHits in LCIO while being their own data type in EDM4hep. They are created by [`createCaloHitContributions`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).
- The event informaton like is part of the `LCEvent` in LCIO. In EDM4hep there is a separate  EventHeader Collection. It can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which is stored under the name `"EventHeader"`.
- Particle IDs are converted during the conversion of the the reconstructed Particle collection.
```

can be directly consumed by `lcio2edm4hep`

Example:
1. Get the patch file
```bash
check_missing_cols --minimal \
  /pnfs/desy.de/ilc/prod/ilc/mc-2020/ild/rec/250-SetA/higgs/ILD_l5_o2_v02/v02-02-01/00015671/000/rv02-02-01.sv02-02-01.mILD_l5_o2_v02.E250-SetA.I402005.Pe3e3h.eL.pR.n000_002.d_rec_00015671_493.slcio \
  > patch.txt
```
2. Pass it to `lcio2edm4hep`
```bash
lcio2edm4hep \
  /pnfs/desy.de/ilc/prod/ilc/mc-2020/ild/rec/250-SetA/higgs/ILD_l5_o2_v02/v02-02-01/00015671/000/rv02-02-01.sv02-02-01.mILD_l5_o2_v02.E250-SetA.I402005.Pe3e3h.eL.pR.n000_002.d_rec_00015671_493.slcio \
  Output.root \
  patch.txt
```

### Converting `LCRelation` collections
For collections of `LCRelation` type it is necessary to define the `From` and
`To` type as well, as otherwise the converter will not be able to create the
correct edm4hep file. The `check_missing_cols` executable will try to determine
these types from the collection parameters and will warn if it cannot do it for
certain collections. In this case it is the **users responsibility to provide
the missing types** as otherwise the conversion will simply skip these
collections, or potentially even crash.

# Integrated use of conversion

> The functions can be used integrated, making the conversion a two step process. Step one is converting the data and step two being the resolving of therelations and filling of subset collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions can be used integrated, making the conversion a two step process. Step one is converting the data and step two being the resolving of the relations and filling of subset collection.
```

> There exists a convert function for every collection not of `LCRelation` type (e.g. [`convertReconstructedParticle`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h)). These need to be called before the relations can be handled, since they fill the maps linking the particle in LCIO to their edm4HEP equivalents. Every type has a seperate map. The maps are grouped in a struct for ease of use. They can be defined and stored seperatly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exists a conversion function for every collection that is not of `LCRelation` type (e.g. [`convertReconstructedParticle`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h)). These need to be called before the relations can be handled, since they fill the maps linking the particle in LCIO to their EDM4hep equivalents. Every type has a separate map. The maps are grouped in a struct for ease of use. It is also possible to use them directly without the helper struct.
```
Also explicitly mention the name of the convenience struct.

The order in which the data is converted does not matter because converting data and resolving relations are two differet steps that are carried out in sequence. 

> Subset collections are also handled at the same step as relations using the fuction [`fillSubset`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h). Alternatively [`handleSubsetColl`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) can also be called to convert a Subset Collection. This way the unique pointers can be obtained directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subset collections handled similar to relations using the fuction [`fillSubset`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h). Internally this sipmly forwards to [`handleSubsetColl`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which handles all the type details and which can obviously also be used directly.
```

> The OneToMany and OnToOne Relations can be resolved using [`resolveRelations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).  There is a resolveRelations function for each type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OneToMany and OneToOne Relations can be resolved using [`resolveRelations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).  There is a `resolveRelations` function for each type.
```

> The AssociationCollections in EDM4hep are then created using [`createAssociations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h), the exception here are the CaloHitContributions. Since they are part of the SimCalorimeterHits in LCIO while being a seperate Association in EDM4hep. They are created by [`createCaloHitContributions`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

Reviewer: Mention here that these are the `LCRelations` in the LCIO world (and also that this is currently limited to the ones that we have available in EDM4hep and that they use the `"FromType"` and `"ToType"` collection parameters to get the necessary type information.

Additionally, CaloHitContributions have nothing to do with Associations (or LCRelations). They need to go into separate paragraphs.

Example for a ReconstructedParticle Collection
```cpp
//the structs defined in the header file are used for the maps linking Lcio particles to there EDM counterparts.

#include "k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h"  

auto convertedReconstructedParticleCollection = convertReconstructedParticle(name, LCCollection, typeMapping.recoParticles, typeMapping.particleIDs)

//If the relations to other data types are supposed to be converted it is necessary that these are converted aswell by calling their convert function. This needs to be done in order to fill the maps used in setting the relations.
//For a collction of the type reconstructedparticle those are the vertex, cluster and track collections containing the data related to the reconstructed particles. 

//next step is resolving the relations.
resolveRelationsRecoParticle(
      typeMapping.recoParticles, typeMapping.vertices, typeMapping.clusters, typeMapping.tracks);

//after this the reconstructed particles in `convertedReconstructedParticleCollection` that was created earlier got their vertecies, clusters and tracks attached.

> ```

Reviewer: This should be formatted such that it can be viewed without horizontal scrolling in a browser, which probably means stopping at column 80 - 100.

these types from the collection parameters and will warn if it cannot do it for
certain collections. In this case it is the **users responsibility to provide
the missing types** as otherwise the conversion will simply skip these
collections, or potentially even crash.

# Integrated use of conversion
The functions can be used integrated, making the conversion a two step process. Step one is converting the data and step two being the resolving of the relations and filling of subset collection.

There exists a conversion function for every collection that is not of `LCRelation` type (e.g. [`convertReconstructedParticle`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h)). These need to be called before the relations can be handled, since they fill the maps linking the particle in LCIO to their EDM4hep equivalents. Every type has a separate map. The maps are grouped in the `LcioEdmTypeMapping` struct for ease of use. It is also possible to use them directly without the helper struct.
The order in which the data is converted does not matter because converting data and resolving relations are two differet steps that are carried out in sequence. 

> Subset collections are  handled similar to relations using the fuction [`fillSubset`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h). Internally this simply forwards to [`handleSubsetColl`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which handles all the type details and can obviously also be used directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Handling of subset collections
Subset collections are  handled similar to relations using the function [`fillSubset`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h). Internally this simply forwards to [`handleSubsetColl`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which handles all the type details and can obviously also be used directly.
```

> The OneToMany and OneToOne Relations can be resolved using [`resolveRelations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).  There is a resolveRelations function for each type. `LCRelation` only exist in LCIOand there conversion is limited to what is available in EDM4hep. They use the `"FromType"` and `"ToType"` collection parameters to get the necessary type information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling relations

The OneToMany and OneToOne Relations can be resolved using [`resolveRelations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).  There is a resolveRelations function for each type. 

## Handling of `LCRelation`s
`LCRelation` only exist in LCIOand there conversion is limited to what is available in EDM4hep. They use the `"FromType"` and `"ToType"` collection parameters to get the necessary type information. 
```
Move the relation handling (OneToOne and OneToMany) above the subset collections and the `LCRelation` handling to the Associations below. Mentioning that associations are the equivalent of `LCRelations` in EDM4hep

The AssociationCollections in EDM4hep are then created using [`createAssociations`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h). 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Subtle differences between LCIO and EDM4hep
There are a few small differences between LCIO and EDM4hep that shine through in the conversion, these are:
```
then make the individual paragraphs elements of a list of bullet points.

`CaloHitContributions` are treated separately, since they are part of the SimCalorimeterHits in LCIO while being a their own data type in EDM4hep. They are created by [`createCaloHitContributions`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

The EventHeader Colletion can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

Particle IDs are converted during the conversion of the the reconstructed Particle collection.

Converting an entire event can be done calling the [`convertEvent`](../k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

## Example for a ReconstructedParticle Collection
```cpp
//the structs defined in the header file are used for the maps linking Lcio particles to there EDM counterparts.

#include "k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h"  

auto convertedReconstructedParticleCollection = convertReconstructedParticle(name, LCCollection, typeMapping.recoParticles, typeMapping.particleIDs)

> 

Reviewer: Somewhere it has to be obvious what `LCCollection` is in this case, i.e. explicitly make this a pointer. Also `typeMapping` needs to be declared. On the other hand `name` can be replaced by a string literal. Also the return value can have a much shorter name in this case.

//If the relations to other data types are supposed to be converted it is necessary that these are converted aswell by calling their convert function.
//This needs to be done in order to fill the maps used in setting the relations.
//For a collction of the type reconstructedparticle those are the vertex, cluster and track collections containing the data related to the reconstructed particles. 

//next step is resolving the relations.
resolveRelationsRecoParticle(

>       typeMapping.recoParticles, typeMapping.vertices, typeMapping.clusters, typeMapping.tracks);

Reviewer: In this case it might be easier to just call the "top level" function that just takes the `typeMapping` (since that is also what is mentioned in the text above).
